[Music]
uh
hey everyone and welcome back to another
vlog
this is my last weekend in seoul which
is
super sad like you guys actually have no
idea how sad i am to be leaving like
i've really really grown to love this
city and be like so comfortable here and
just
i'm just like completely fall in love
with like the lifestyle and like the
different parts of seoul
and there's so much i haven't done yet
too so like i'm taking this weekend to
really
try to like do everything that i haven't
done yet
so it's gonna be busy and i thought i
would start it off today which is
thursday actually because we our classes
finish thursday like our weekends kind
of start thursday night
so mine actually started last night
because i was at
a club until
got back at like eight in the morning or
well saw the sun come up came back at
like
seven went to bed at eight and it's now
3 p.m and i'm just getting ready for the
day
so yay my friend and i are gonna go take
a class at one million dance studio
tonight
which is why i also wanted to film this
is because i wanted to show you guys
that because that's so cool
so one million is like a really popular
dance studio here in seoul and it's kind
of known around the world because they
show like videos on youtube
i'll link a couple like of my favorites
down below probably
yeah this that's their instagram so like
one million
and then my friend and i are taking a
class
with john sunu today who if you don't
know him he's like a choreographer
who's really cool it has like a really
cool street style like hip-hop
vibe and i really love his stuff this is
him oh the glare
can't really see i'm so excited to be
taking classes
and a little nervous because i haven't
danced in a really long time
and i think his his style is very out of
my comfort zone but
i like that because i want to learn how
to do different styles so
i like that it's not the style that i
usually use so i'm so excited my friend
and i are gonna go so i'm gonna go get
like
some coffee and some food and then we're
gonna head out
and go get in line and fingers crossed
we make it in we have to go all the way
to gangnam so
and we're in yonsei like which is like
completely the other side of the city so
it might take a little while
but yeah this should be fun and then
tomorrow my friends and i
are gonna go to everland which is like
an amusement park here
and then saturday and sunday we are just
going to do
a ton of different things all over the
city so i'll take you guys along
for that too so there's a brief overview
of the next three couple of days
hopefully
i make it out alive and i still have to
study for finals
next week so fun okay
let's go to 1 million
[Music]
here we go
she crossed and the traffic man pointed
her out
and made her stop stay here he literally
pointed his red baton at her
and then stared yeah this is so funny
this is something we have to get used to
when we go back no traffic people oh my
gosh
also we're going to everland
yes we're tired but we're gonna make it
my feet are tired
[Music]
we made it after two hours
longer it was worn at three it was like
three
three three sad days
[Music]
i
oh
i don't know if i'm ready for this that
was so fun
oh my gosh what was that like
it was so funny
i literally swallowed my necklace like
it hit me in the tooth which [ __ ]
hurt
and then i like put it in my it was like
in my mouth ah
i literally think my when we were going
forward and i like hanging for i
literally take my brush
my body
no no it's fine oh my soul my soul left
me
oh
[Applause]
we all have new piercings and we just
like bashed our heads
oh my gosh oh they're like red red oh my
god
yeah we all just got piercings they were
just banging the crap out of them
seriously oh like that was really fun
but it was like
a head-banging roller coaster sustenance
it's interesting
[Music]
oh i'm excited
guys i'm dead they literally put on
display what people have lost
on this ride and it's like super nice
stuff
it's like a museum
[Music]
not the very second to last back but we
got
whipped over did you lose that dollar
you lost that dollar didn't you
still have it yes
that was so good i need my hair control
oh my god it was like a 80 degree angle
or something
like literally almost straight down
oh my receipt okay i have to get mine
mine has my tag on it
and here's all so cute oh i like those
two but okay wait put on those i really
like the bunny ears like really like
them
they just work with like your hair and
like they look so
cute i think you should get them
there's so many cute animal ears
oh i think these are the ones i'm gonna
get
okay never mind i think i'm getting
these because they're really cute
yup we are getting italian food because
we are
dying yes
demolished we're so hungry
[Music]
okay we're on our way back and it is
very hot and sweaty
i am sweating like disgusting amounts
and i chose a shirt that really shows it
so that's
lovely um stuff was helping me like
fan me so that it wouldn't show and i'll
be like use my hair to cover it
um yeah fun but we got a warning that
there was gonna be a heat wave we're
like okay
we're fine we're gonna be outside all
day walking around
but we had a lot of fun and
we're heading back because we're really
tired and it takes like
two and a half hours to get back on the
subway so
oh
number five what parking lot i never
would have
realized that okay yeah that's that's
yeah
oh this is why i need friends to
work but we are gonna go back
and get up early and do stuff tomorrow
so we will see you then
wow i look tired wow okay well i woke up
early to write
a paper because i've kind of been
slacking on school so
it was bound to happen only got a few
hours of sleep but that's fine today
is the hottest day that we have on
record this summer in seoul
so that's fun and we're literally going
to be all outside but
anyway i'm just about to go meet up with
my friends i'm filling up my little
nct dream water bottle that says yo
dream on it it's really cute
and it's the only portable water bottle
portable
portable water bottle that's
reusable that i have that's small enough
to fit in my purse
so we're doing that and
i'm already dying because i've already
been outside and it's really really hot
but we're going to go to the palace
and then we're going to go to hanok
village
and get lunch and then go oh
thanks almost filled that and then we're
going to go to namsan tower
which is going to be a bit of a hike and
then
oh shoot my camera is going to die
oh no that was not smart santa
you know what i might just have to get
footage on my phone
or i might not be able to film today oh
my goodness i am so sorry i'm gonna
stop talking now so i'm gonna save
battery
let's see how much footage i get
[Music]
ah it is so hot but
we're surviving yeah slowly
we're at the thai restaurant that lucas
and win-win ate at
in nct hot young soul life
and it's so good
do
[Music]
you